# 🗓️ 2020-11-11 Team Identity: Async Meeting Notes
###### tags: `IOTA` `Identity` `Meeting`

## ℹ️ Info
**Location**: Google Hangouts
**Date**: Wednesday, 2020-11-11 - 17:00 to 18:00 (CET) 
**Agenda**
- 1. Standup `5min`
- 2. Discussion topics `45min`
- 3. Questions `10min`

## 👥 Participants
- @Thoralf-M
- @tensor-programming
- @JelleMillenaar
- @l1h3r
- @huhn511
- @eike-hass

## 💬 Discussion topics
- Alpha Release
- Implement Identity into Self 

### Alpha Release
- QR Code Size is very big -> no good UX while scanning
    - compression -> QR works just in the Self Ecosystem
- Merge WASM -> dev -> main
- Publishing NPM @huhn511
- Publishing cargo @l1h3r
- Check Typescript preview @JelleMillenaar
- Check init() function @Thoralf-M
- Create Individual Readme (for different folders/crates)
    - just a small for intrnal libs (crypto, derive)
-  Think about how to hide the internal crates more (move it to external crates)?

### Implement Identity into Self 
- Currently no schema validation 
