# üóìÔ∏è Team Identity kick-off #1 - 2020-07-27

## üë• Participants
- @Thoralf-M
- @nothingismagick
- @vidalattias
- @tensor-programming
- @JelleMillenaar
- @huhn511

## üéØ Goals
- Get to know the team
- Define Tools
- Start the project

## üí¨ Discussion topics
- Meet the Team
- Vision for Identity
- Tooling
- Scope & Priorities


### Meet the Team
- @JelleMillenaar, Project Lead
- @nothingismagick, Project Manager
- @tensor-programming, Senior Dev, 30h/w
- @Thoralf-M, Junior Dev, 20h/w
- @huhn511, Junior Dev, 10h/w
- @vidalattias, Guest

### Vision for Identity
Identity will be used for:
- Replace physical documents
- Improved KYC
- Replace passwords
- IoT Security
- Access Control
- Trust
- Smart Cities
- Vehicle Identities (VID)

### Tooling
**Kanban / Scrum / Issue Board**
- Clickup (and sync with github)

**Chat**
- Internal Slack
- Public Discord (#identity-dev)

### Scope & Priorities
**MUST have**
- Implementation of DID Documents (W3C) DID Documents, Tangle Publishing, Resolver/Resolution
- Implementation of Verifiable Credentials (W3C)
- High-level Library (Stable and Simple API)

**Nice-to-have**
- Standardize Communications (DID & Verifiable Credentials)
- Stronghold Link for Storage
- FFI‚Äôs (Javascript/Typescript/WASM, C prefered first)
