# üóìÔ∏è Team Identity Meeting Notes - 2020-09-09

## üë• Participants
- @Thoralf-M
- @nothingismagick
- @tensor-programming
- @JelleMillenaar
- @l1h3r

## üí¨ Discussion topics
- Standup
- Fragment Name Uniqueness
- Working Group participation
- LD Proof Scope: Merkle Tree
- Questions
- Account required data and module implementation

### Standup

#### What was last week's progress on your project?
- Worked on a library for handling LD Proofs and credential verfication (PR open). Looked at DIDcomm
- Worked on the Proc macro for the Diff library - almost finished.
- Dereferencing part for the resolver + resolver itself
- Started writing the MethodSpec for W3C. Researched DIDcomm enviroment. Looking at DID Auth + NOISE.
- Discovered existing DIDComm Spec and add facts to presentation. 


#### What will be the project's focus this week?
- Continue with the resolver-
- finish debugging the proc macro and move on to the account module.
- Continue MethodSpec. Kickstart P2P Comms Layer. 
- Add some `jsonwebtoken`-based signature suites and look at SIOP DID-
- Start to write DIDComm as Spec and in Code for experimental purposes-

### Fragment Name Uniqueness
Question: Do we check for name uniqueness and throw an error?
([issue here](https://github.com/iotaledger/identity.rs/issues/29))
- Figure out when a fragment reference is legal
- Add a function to check if all fragments are unique
- Execute function when adding a new object to a DID Document
- Leave additional checks up to the implementer (Call the function manually) 

### Questions
Q: Can our current Proof implementation handle extra logic such as putting the data through a merkle tree?
A: Yes

Q: Can we run our signature logic within Stronghold?
A: Most likely without too much hassle.
