# 🗓️ Team Identity Meeting Notes - 2020-08-05

The goal of this meeting is to get to a stage where we can get start development.

## 👥 Participants
- @Thoralf-M
- @tensor-programming
- @JelleMillenaar
- @huhn511


## 💬 Discussion topics
- Discuss Workflows (git, clickup, etc)
    - gitflow (branch prefixes)
        - /bugfix, /feat/crate_name, /docs, /meeting
        - get approved by atleast 1 other senior dev
- Discuss project folder structure
    - follow the bee structure
        - for each crate a folder in the top
        - docs++ in root directory
    - keep the tests in seperate files
    - (FFI) Bindings folder like in this git
        - https://github.com/iotaledger/iota.rs
        - Research other git repos (@huhn)
        - Make a good documentation about lib bindings
- Discuss packages names (crates.io, npmjs.org)
    - iota_identity (high level)
        - iota_identity
        - npmjs = @iota/identity
    - identity_engine (low level)
        - expose individual crates
        - identity_cratename
        - Examples: 
            - identity_doc
            - identity_iotaintegration
            - identity_resolver
            - identity_didcomms
            - identity_
- DID method name
    - did:example:123456789abcdefghi -> example = DID method name
        - iota <----
        - iot
        - tangle
- Chrysalis Pt2 changes
    - tx structure
        - -> stick to the current structure
        - use created and updated timestamps from did spec
    - address format
- Setting up a whiteboarding session: Identity tx's
    - Invite externals!
        - Sven Feuchtmüller
        - Olaf van Wijk
    - https://miro.com/
    - 3h session
    - record it for internal
- General
    - Is there a way to bind directly to js/typescript (without wasm)

## 🎯 Week Goals
- Whiteboard session

## ⏭️ Next Meeting
Wednesday, 2020-08-12 - 17:00 to 18:00 (CEST) 