# 🗓️ 2021-01-13 Team Identity: Async Meeting Notes
###### tags: `IOTA` `Identity` `Meeting`

## ℹ️ Info
**Location**: Google Hangouts
**Date**: Wednesday, 2021-01-13 - 17:00 to 18:00 (CET) 
**Agenda**
- 1. Standup `5min`
- 2. Discussion topics `45min`
- 3. Questions `10min`

## 👥 Participants
- @JelleMillenaar
- @l1h3r
- @huhn511
- @eike-hass


### ⏪ What was last week's progress?
- Continued adding algorithms to crypto.rs. Added libjose (feature complete but in a temp branch). Added DIDComm envelope types (PR). Started experimenting with `MerkleTreePublicKey`
- Researched Projects Github feature
- made ok progress on the thesis. Got an official hand-in date (10.06.21)
- Add proper docs, research for Rust documentation tests and checkout test coverage. 

### ⏩ What will be the focus this week?
- Add bindings to readme, add examples for Rust and WASM to the docs page. 


## 💬 Discussion topics
- Projects feature
- Alpha 0.2 change log
- Standardization projects
- Docs
- X-Team

--- 

### Projects feature
- Use Github Projects for team organise and better transparency 
- Test convert "cards" to "issues" and add milestone (for exmaple: Alpha 0.2)
- Use good labels

### Alpha 0.2 change log
- Get a list off all PR from dev -> master
- Setup and test covector
- Result: Blog entry with all changes

### Standardization projects
- specs to docs page

### Docs
- please provide feedback to docs page for next meeting 

### X-Team
- Planning weekly call 1 hour after identity weekly (starting in feb)