# 🗓️ 2020-01-06 Team Identity: Async Meeting Notes
###### tags: `IOTA` `Identity` `Meeting`

## ℹ️ Info
**Location**: Google Hangouts
**Date**: Wednesday, 2021-01-06 - 17:00 to 18:00 (CET) 
**Agenda**
- 1. Standup `5min`
- 2. Discussion topics `45min`
- 3. Questions `10min`

## 👥 Participants
- @JelleMillenaar
- @l1h3r
- @huhn511
- @eike-hass


### ⏪ What was last week's progress?
- Roadmap IOTA Identity & Selv & EDF
- Added various algorithms to crypto.rs; continued work on libjose
- sources research and organisation for thesis
- Planned documentation

### ⏩ What will be the focus this week?
- Setup documentation

## 💬 Discussion topics
- Roadmap & Milesstones
- Documentation
- GitHub Projects for roadmap/milestone tracking
- TangleEE

---

### Roadmap & Milesstones
- Chrysalis
    - Beta Chrysalis ready

#### Releases
- Alpha Update (Improvements)
- Beta (Q1)
- 1.0 (Q2)

#### CD/CI
- Move orphans repository to main repos (forked iota.rs)
- Setup CD/CI pipeline
- Covector (devin has some exp with crytpo.rs)
    - setup testsuite before
    - X-Team Goal -> 100% test coverage ;-)

### Documentation

Main Documentation will stay in the repository.

docs.iota.org is a collection of all projects and links to all important resources.


### GitHub Projects for roadmap/milestone tracking
Use GitHub Projects for project managment!

Documentation Project -> https://github.com/iotaledger/identity.rs/projects/2

### TangleEE
Meeting should start this week.